fix spurious rate limit caused by coop when combining `Buffer` and `LoadShed` layers (#9034)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_unconstrained_buffer_router_1669.md

### Fix spurious `REQUEST_RATE_LIMITED` errors when no rate limiting is configured ([PR #9034](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/9034))

Under sustained load, the router could return `REQUEST_RATE_LIMITED` (429) errors even when no rate limiting was configured. The `Buffer` worker processes requests in a tight loop, and because `LoadShed` never yields, the worker could exhaust Tokio's cooperative scheduling budget in one cycle. Once exhausted, the semaphore inside the inner `Buffer` would report itself as not ready — not because it was full, but because the coop budget check ran before the semaphore was even consulted. `LoadShed` interpreted this as backpressure and shed the request.

> This fix introduces `UnconstrainedBuffer`, which wraps `Buffer::poll_ready` in `tokio::task::unconstrained` so that semaphore availability is checked independently of the coop budget. Requests are now shed only when the buffer is genuinely full.

Reviewer: This is still very technical, users that are interested in this level of detail can look at the PR description. Users reading the changeset are looking for: does this affect me, and what are the consequences of the change? And _maybe_ a bit about the root cause of the problem, but more to give confidence that we actually found it rather than low-level technical detail.

I might suggest something like this. The first sentence was great already because it tells users how they can tell if it affected them. I try to give a general description of the cause of the problem in the second sentence, and end with the fix and the effects of this fix. (eg: if we essentially removed an implicit limit, a user might think, won't that break things? we claim it doesn't.)

It'd be great to get review on the changeset from someone less familiar with the exact problem as well though.

```suggestion
Under sustained load, the router could return `REQUEST_RATE_LIMITED` (429) errors even when no rate limiting was configured. An internal queue had an implicit limit that could trigger load shedding, even if the queue was not _actually_ overloaded.

This fix removes that implicit limit, so requests are shed only when the queue is genuinely full. The queue still has explicit limits to ensure quality of service.
```

It's arguable if tokio's cooperative budget is really exactly an implicit limit on the queue, but I think it's close enough to the general shape of the problem and it requires less background knowledge to get the idea.
